**Privacy Policy**

Benoît Jeaurond built the Clue Notes app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Benoît Jeaurond at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

**Camera Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, if you want to import the board items from another user, you can use your Camera to scan their QR code generated by the application which will import the information. No pictures are saved or captured. The user will be prompted beforehand if they would like to give access to the Camera before accessing it. If consent is refused, the user will see a blank screen allowing them to accept the permission.

**Log Data**

No logging is done on the application and the application cannot connect to the Internet.

**Service Providers**

No third-party companies and individuals are involved.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. That it why, the application is does not have the needed permission to connect to the Internet.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update the Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-02-12

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at benoit@jeaurond.dev.
